Okay, so the first thing that we're
gonna do is we're gonna remove these
unused props from main.js.
We don't need that stuff anymore.
Just delete that.
And inside our, Main App.svelte we're
gonna get rid of this placeholder content,
which is no longer relevant to us.
So now I have a blank page.
And these styles also no longer relevant,
so I'm just gonna get rid of all of that.
And this state is also unused.
So, I mentioned that there are two
screens, there's the welcome screen and
there's the game screen.
So we're gonna have a piece of state
that represents which screen we're
currently on.
And there's a lot of ways
that you could do this.
You could use a state machine, for
example, but for right now, we're just
gonna keep it nice and simple and
we're gonna have, let state = 'welcome'.
And the alternative is playing.
And then inside our main element,
we're gonna have, if state === 'welcome'.
Or, if state === 'playing'.
Welcome screen goes here.
Game screen goes here.
Save that, and
we've got our intro content there.
Now we're gonna wanna vertically center
the content of this main element.
So I'm gonna add some more CSS down here.
I'm gonna bump up that
max-width to 800 pixels.
And we're gonna make the height 100%.
We're gonna use display: flex,
With a flex-direction of column.
And we're just gonna justify
the content using center.
So now the content is in
the middle of the screen.
Okay, so
let's start building our welcome screen.
We're gonna do that in a new component so
that this one doesn't get too crowded.
I'm gonna create a new file over
here called screens/Welcome.svelte.
[COUGH] And then in my App.js,
my App.svelte,
sorry, I'm gonna import that component.
And then I'm just gonna replace all
of that with, the Welcome component.
I got the path wrong, so Rollup is
giving me an error because it couldn't
resolve ./Welcome.svelte
from source App.svelte.
There's a reason for that,
it's because that file doesn't exist.
I needed to add screens here.
And then hopefully that is gonna
start building correctly again.
And so
now it's time to build our welcome screen.
Now, by the way, if you're using the
Cameoparison starter repo and if you're
following along, then there's a series of
checkpoints that we're gonna work through.
We're currently working towards checkpoint
one, so don't worry if you feel
like you're falling way behind and
aren't gonna be able to catch up.
Because once we get to each checkpoint,
if you're not current with the course then
you can just discard your changes and
check out that checkpoint and
then we'll be able to pick up from there.
So don't worry about about keeping
pace if you're falling behind.
Okay, so what do we need to
put in our welcome screen?
I guess we don't need a script tag for
right now.
So let's ignore that.
I'm gonna cheat a little bit, and
I'm gonna go to the deployed
version of this game.
And I'm just gonna yank the html
out of what's already here.
Because you can do that in Svelte.
It's not like some frameworks
where valid HTML isn't necessarily
valid in the language that you're
writing your application in.
For example, JSX has all sorts of
ways in which it isn't exactly HTML.
And so very often, you'll paste in
perfectly valid HTML into your JSX and
it won't do what you expect.
But in Svelte, we don't have that problem
because valid HTML is valid Svelte,
which makes it really good for
copying things from CodePens and
other places that you find bits
of markup around the Internet.
So I'm just gonna right-click
on that header and
copy out of outerHTML,
just gonna paste that in there, okay.
And we need to clean it up a little bit.
We've got these scoping
selectors that Svelte adds so
that the CSS that belongs to
the component doesn't leak out.
And we just need to get rid of all those
because it's gonna add those anyway.
Get rid of that like that.
And then just neaten up
the indentation and what have you.
Save that.
And okay, we have some markup,
need to get some styles in there as well.
And again, because it's just CSS,
we can paste in any CSS that we
find lying around the Internet.
So here, I'm selecting,
I need to be on the deployed site.
Here I'm selecting the h1, And
I'm gonna find the style here.
And you can see it does indeed
belong to the Welcome component.
And just select all of that,
copy it and put it inside my h1.
Do the same thing for
the paragraph element.
Put a max-width on there and some margin.
And finally for the logo, you see
here we've got the word CAMEOPARISON
spelled out, but here the A has
been replaced with the logo.
And that's done with CSS.
We just need to select element, and
grab the styles and
put them in a new .logo selector.
Right, and that's starting to look
quite a lot like the finished product.
Except, obviously, it's not the same thing
because this is on a white background and
the other one is on a dark background.
And that's because there are some
styles that are not component-specific
that are being applied to the entire page.
These are the styles that live in our
global .CSS file, which is used for
CSS variables, typography rules,
and all of those sorta things.
Anything that applies to all
of your components as opposed
to a specific component,
I like to put it in a global.css file.
So if I go over here,
go to my Network tab,
let's refresh the page to get everything,
and restrict it to CSS files,
then we'll see that there's two CSS
files that have been downloaded,
global.css and bundle.css.
bundle.css is the one that Svelte
generates from our components.
global.css is everything else.
So I'm just gonna open that in a new tab.
And just select all of that.
Go over to the global.css file, like that,
I'm just gonna replace
everything with these styles.
So now if you refresh the page,
don't even need to refresh the page, okay.
It's already done.
So localhost:5000 is now
starting to resemble the version
that's currently running in production.
Obviously, we don't yet
have this section with the buttons,
but we have the header and
everything else.